Update PR guidelines (#15324)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/coding_guide.rst

.. _pr-guidelines:

***********************
Pull request guidelines
***********************

Pull requests (PRs) are the mechanism for contributing to Matplotlibs code and
documentation.

.. _pr-checklist-authors:

Checklist for PR authors
========================

.. note::

   * We value contributions from people with all levels of experience. In
     particular if this is your first PR not everything has to be perfect.
     We'll guide you through the PR process.

>    * Nevertheless, try to follow below guidelines as good as you can to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Nevertheless, try to follow the below guidelines as well as you can to
```

     help make the PR process quick and smooth.
   * Be patient with reviewers. We try our best to respond quickly, but we
     have limited bandwidth. If there is no feedback within a couple of days,
     please ping us by posting a comment to your PR.

When making a PR, pay attention to:

* :ref:`Target the master branch <pr-branch-selection>`.
* Adhere to the :ref:`coding_guidelines`.
* Update the :ref:`documentation <pr-documentation>` if necessary.
* Aim at making the PR as "ready-to-go" as you can. This helps to speed up
  the review process.
* It is ok to open incomplete or work-in-progress PRs if you need help or

>   feedback from the developers.

Reviewer: You may take advantage of GitHub's [draft pull requests](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests) to signal this status more directly.

.. _pr-guidelines:

***********************
Pull request guidelines
***********************

Pull requests (PRs) are the mechanism for contributing to Matplotlibs code and
documentation.

.. _pr-checklist-authors:

> Checklist for PR authors

Reviewer 2: I'd call this guidelines since these aren't really things you can check off

Author: That is correct. OTOH, I would like to keep a certain similarity between the names of the summary sections for authors and for reviewers.

Using "Guidelines for PR authors/reviewers" feels a bit too broad. Semantically I would like to express "Summary of things to do/check as a PR author/reviewer". I've now changed both to a shorted "Summary for PR authors/reviewers". Do you think that's suitable?

========================

.. note::

   * We value contributions from people with all levels of experience. In
     particular if this is your first PR not everything has to be perfect.
     We'll guide you through the PR process.

>    * Nevertheless, try to follow the below guidelines as well as you can to

Reviewer 2: guidelines below

     help make the PR process quick and smooth.
   * Be patient with reviewers. We try our best to respond quickly, but we
     have limited bandwidth. If there is no feedback within a couple of days,
     please ping us by posting a comment to your PR.

When making a PR, pay attention to:

* :ref:`Target the master branch <pr-branch-selection>`.
* Adhere to the :ref:`coding_guidelines`.
* Update the :ref:`documentation <pr-documentation>` if necessary.
* Aim at making the PR as "ready-to-go" as you can. This helps to speed up
  the review process.
* It is ok to open incomplete or work-in-progress PRs if you need help or
  feedback from the developers. You may mark these as
  `draft pull requests <https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests>`_
  on GitHub.

See also :ref:`contributing` for how to make a PR.

.. _pr-checklist-reviewers:

Checklist for PR reviewers
==========================
.. note::

   * If you have commit rights, then you are trusted to use them.
     **Please help review and merge PRs!**
   * Be patient and `kind <https://youtu.be/tzFWz5fiVKU?t=49m30s>`__ with
     contributors.

Content topics:

> 

Reviewer 2: Does rest have a checkbox formatting the way markdown does? I'd make this explicit checkboxes to guide the eye

Author: Good idea! Unfortunately, ReST does not have native checkbox support (and also only some flavors of Markdown have).

There are however ways to patch that in. I would like to defer that discussion to a separate PR because there are different ways, each with some advantages / disadvantages, but all with some kind of overhead. We should decide if we want to add that.

I would like to keep this PR focused on the structure, not on layout.

  with the contributor first.

.. _branches_and_backports:

Branches and Backports
======================

Current branches
----------------
The current active branches are

*master*
  The current development version. Future minor releases (*v3.N.0*) will be
  branched from this. Supports Python 3.6+.

*v3.N.x*
  Maintenance branch for Matplotlib 3.N. Future patch releases will be

>   branched from this.  Supports Python 3.6+

Reviewer: Not true for `v3.0.x` branch. Also missing a final period.

Author: While still there, `v3.0.x` is not really active. I don't think well push anything to that branch anymore. Therefore I wouldn't bother with a distinction.

The other question is if stating the supported Python version is reasonable here. I've just taken that from the existing descriptions.

Reviewer: It does seem a bit redundant, but since PRs always target `master`, it's useful to know this before the backport happens.
